when it comes to love I was put on this
earth to spread a message of now one man
is in a position to help take a look at
this the Toronto Maple Leafs will pay
you two million dollars if you can get
Darren Roanoke back with his wife in
time to win the Stanley Cup
the second best guru in the world is
coming to town shrimp what'd you call me
I'm sorry I didn't catch your gnome name
you are a [ __ ] shove these mud beats
someplace special night hat I had a hat
like that one then my mom got a job and
I'm pickers and spyglass entertainment
percent Rajneesh ads I can alligator
soup and make it snappy because
allocated the snappings
and at the same time I wanted prompt
Mike Meyers
Jessica Alba so Jane boyfriend
no girl well I mean it was one time in
college really I didn't hear anything
Justin Timberlake someone ordered the
special Quebec pizza you know like indie
porno
love guru
I'd like to thank the Academy well these
things are heavy
[Music]